How can a small researcher be so arrogant?
Really reading?
This is it.
I'm afraid I can't go on with today's press conference.
More than can't do it
Mr. Koizumi will also make Qingfeng kneel and apologize
Mr. Koizumi, I'm sorry
I'm late.
I'm really looking forward to reading about you Huaguo
How dare a little researcher grab me
How dare you!
How dare you be rude to Mr. Koizumi
Do you know who that is?
Did you know that Mr. Koizumi is in the world of science and technology
How high is the status?
None of my business
Are you crazy?
Mr. Koizumi is here to sign the agreement
Let China participate in volcanic engineering
This is a major event related to the progress of science and technology in China
volcanic engineering
What project?
It's a volcanic remodeling project led by our island nation
Invincibility is to turn the red volcano into an extinct volcano
Stop natural disasters
It involves a lot of high-tech means
If you don't want to participate, forget it.
Volcanic modification if we can participate
Hua must be able to learn a lot
This striker really shouldn't have angered Mr. Koizumi.
Forward Qin Feng
This is your afternoon Huaguo participated in the volcanic project
The end of angering Mr. Koizumi
You can go to jail.
Mom and Dad aren't really going to jail, are they?
Qin Feng, you shouldn't be so impulsive
Mengxue, do you think the island
Did Congress let us learn their core technology?
They just want us to help.
Output
In the end we learn nothing
Only fools
Will stick our hot faces to their cold butts
Liberation if you don't apologize
I will give it now
President Li of the National Academy of Sciences called
Ask him to fire you
Hum ok
I'd like to see it
Can you ask Dean Li to fire me?
Since you are so happy, you should call
I'd like to see you pick up a father
When can you still be hard?
father
As Chinese people, I really don't want this
You made me do that.
I'll call Dean Li now
Let him make you famous
No need to call